---
inFeed: false
hasPage: true
inNav: false
inLanguage: null
starred: false
keywords: []
description: ''
datePublished: '2016-02-01T19:37:30.293Z'
dateModified: '2016-02-01T19:37:26.743Z'
title: ''
author: []
sourcePath: _posts/2016-02-01-b9d7b851-9b4a-4ca6-b2b7-cb84305d6014.md
published: true
authors: []
publisher:
  name: null
  domain: null
  url: null
  favicon: null
url: b9d7b851-9b4a-4ca6-b2b7-cb84305d6014/index.html
_type: Blurb

---
Our Mission: "To Experience and Share God's Love Together." 

Our Distinctive Qualities: 

Biblically Centered --- We hold Scripture to be irreplaceable in making God known and forming our lives in his ways. 

Family Friendly --- We place high priority on ministering to the whole family and the family as a whole. 

No Pretense --- We seek to break down barriers that isolate others from feeling a sense of welcome and belonging. 

A Heart to Help --- We are sensitive to the needs of people and desire to make a difference where we can. 

Missions Oriented --- We recognize God's call to live beyond ourselves as means of his grace in the world. 

A Place of Prayer --- We are confident that God hears prayer and is capable to do much more than we can ask or imagine. 

Our Core Values: 

People Matter --- All people are God's good creation and ought to be seen through the eyes of Christ. 

God So Loved This World --- God is present in the midst of our daily concerns and the social dilemmas of our world. 

God's Love Transforms --- Our lives are compelled to grow in grace through the power and presence of God's love.
Grace is Enough --- At its core the Christian life is wholly dependent and nurtured by grace from beginning to end.
Love Does --- Our lives serve as a reflection of God's love in the world--and for us it begins with Sonoma.
We Can't Do Life Alone --- Our relationships with one another are indispensable for our capacity to grow in grace.
Faith is a Journey --- Taking hold of all that God's redeeming love means for our lives takes a lifetime.
It's All About Worship --- Christian life centers on worship whereby all of life finds its proper place and meaning.